# Don't you worry

There was a long Road. It went straight on and on, as far as the eyes could stare. It ran on a flat land. It was almost a desert, painted dull yellow by the ever blowing wind.

On either side of the Road, near the edge of the eye, the lands curved upward into small hills. Those hills were the only shelter from the cold east wind that tore through the plains of Outland. The only friends a traveller could make on this road were the small thorny shrubs that grew here and there on the roadside.

Around midday, the Road takes on an eerie look. Horizon melts away; sky and land unify in colour. Wisps of heat curl up into fleeting mirages.

This was the Outland Road. No one traveled on it in daytime, unless their life depended on crossing it and reaching the nearest settlement of Eastland on the other side of the road by sundown. This dreaded Road spanned more than halfway of the continent, connecting the organized and safe Eastland on the east coast to the deadly and wild Westland on the west coast.

Roth had been on the road for only an hour and had crossed only a quarter of the road when she ran out of the food she had managed to pack while leaving her small shack in eastern Westland in a hurry. The Gumbats were after her. She had to flee.

But, now she began to question her decision. She cannot turn back. That was against her principles. It may have been better to get executed in public in the hands of a Gumbat. Justice would have been served swift. Her villagers would have remembered her for a week, and then would have moved on. At least she would have a week's worth of glory.

That would have been an easier way to die, than to die of thirst and heat in the middle of the Outland Road. But honour had to be kept. She can't just give away her life's possessions to a freaking Gumbat. She detested their long black capes. She had to run.

In a desperate rush, she had her bike's tanker loaded with fossilium, and went ahead full throttle to meet the unforgiving sun of the Zinc Ternary system on the ol' Outland Road.

...

She paused by the roadside for a while. Her watch said it was noon. She knew every moment lost there were going to cost her dearly.

She had seen a bright white fleck near the horizon; brighter than the brightness of the midday sun. She tried to focus her gaze on it. No mistaking, there was something flying in her direction from the Eastland.

She waited. In a few moments, the bright flickering took the shape of a hovermobile. Four flat wheels mounted by an oval seat. The hovermobile creaked to a stop beside her. A window opened on its side.

*Roth Beduin of Westland?*

*Roth, yes. Westland, no. Lost that.*

*I'm here to rescue you by a secret order of the Eastland General Government. My name is Ubu Ho. Stow your bike in the deck and hop in.*

Ubu lowered the hovermobile so that Roth could tow her bike on the deck and tie it to one of the magnetic girders. Given the blaring heat of the midday sun, Roth was fairly pleased to get inside something, however secretive the mission may be.

*Buckle up, Roth. I can't bear this heat any more.*

*Right away!*

Ubu steered the hovermobile around, and on they went with the sun in their eyes to the Eastland.
