# Prologue

It began. It was a dull whirring. A faint noise. Thudding slowly. Fading away to a distance.

Everything was black. Darker than the deepest dreams. It was almost a void, except for that noise. That noise kept on thudding. But now it was slightly louder. Throb, throb, throb, it went on. Ever so persuasive.

There is one thing about noises that beat on constantly. If you want, you can make it sound like a rhythm. But this noise wasn't your everyday rubbish that blare on the psychispeakers of the Immemorial Pub. This carried a sense of physical pain with it.

In the void, there was this throbbing sound. Now it was joined by a dull feeling of pain. A pain that multiplied with each beat. It was almost like someone had put the head on an 18th century anvil and kept on pounding with a hammer.

As the pain grew, the rest of the body came into focus. Not a focus for the eye. A focus for the nerves. All was still black. Yet, all the nerves could do was to carry back a sensation of sharp pain to the brain. Each beat a pain. Each gap a slight relief.

Gradually, sensation dawned. Fingertips tickled. Mouth parched. Eyes opened up in a slit. Toes were cramped. The right hand awkwardly stuck under the chest. The left hand was held straight up. Face was buried in something granular. Probably, sand. Shoulders ached like they had ferried an adult gorilla across continents. Tummy hurt.

The dull sound was now growing steadily louder. It's speed increasing with each beat. There was a faint rustle of wind. Maybe the cheeks felt it.

Both the legs were folded. They were almost numb. As consciousness flooded, the first thing that came across his mind was gratitude. Slowly, he counted. *One.. Two.. Three.. Four.. Good!* All four limbs were attached to the body.

He tried to focus on the world outside with his eyes. There were greyish patches now in the darkness. Some of these patches fleeted across his field of vision. He could not focus on any of them. He shut his eyes.

There was a rush of noises. Weird noises. As if some people were gurgling with their bellies and spitting out the water as far as they could. Each gurgle ended with a spit. Gurgle. Spit. Gurgle, gurgle. Spit. It carried on. *Weird*, he thought.

The pain in his head was now searing at its peak. He tried to open his mouth, but decided against it. Something was tugging at his feet. He tried to open his eyes again. Slightly wider this time.

There were shapes alright, but they seemed to be hovering. *Not good, not good!* If there is one thing they say about waking up and seeing beings hovering around you, they say that you have been abducted. That too by the worst possible folks in the known universe. The Katoon fleets. The abduct you for fun. Only to sell you to the highest bidder in their year-round clearance sales.

*Not the Katoons! Not them!*, he thought.

But there was no mistaking. The round blob-like figures, a smaller blob on top of a larger blob, hovering a feet above ground - it had to be the Katoons.

There was a sharp beep. The throbbing stopped. All pain washed away. He wondered aloud, *Did you just kill me?*

*No!*, a dry voice retorted. *Restoration complete. All units have resumed normal activities.*

*Good!*, remarked another dry voice, except that it had an annoyingly high pitch. *Welcome to Katoon HQ Forty-two slash Two. You have been injected with the translator serum. If you understood what I just said, say "Yes". Else stay shut.*

He said *Yes*. Surprisingly, it took no effort at all.

*Great! That's very good news my friends! Up you get, Orator Blink! Entertain us! For therein rests your salvation.*

*Conditions applied!*, it added in a whisper at the end.

It began.
